People were wondering about
prayer cues and things like that. They
want to know some more things, so I'm
going to give you a couple right here.
Okay, in Ephesians it talks about how we
wrestle not against flesh and blood, but
against principalities and powers, and
there's a lot more to the verse. But for
time's sake, there you go. It's Ephesians 4:16,
I believe, somewhere around there.
You cannot pray against somebody's will.
Okay, like say you go to work and
your boss is really mean to you. Maybe
you're a teenager right now and you're
watching me, and you are in a verbally abusive
relationship with your parents.
When you are being assaulted like that,
it is a demonic presence behind it, and
so you take authority over the devil.
This is how I would do it. I had a boss
that was not very nice to me, and he
treated me pretty poorly. So every day I
would drive to work and say, 'I bind the
maneuvering of any demonic spirits in so-and-so,
and you will not torment me in
any way today at all. I take authority
over the spirits that maneuver inside of
him, and I command them to stop right now.
You have no right, no power, no authority,
and I bind you up, and you are not able
to maneuver and torment in any way in the
name of Jesus.'Concerning
abuse, I bind the devils that
are tormenting my husband or my wife.
I bind that devil in the name of Jesus. I
command you to cease and desist in your
maneuvering, and I command you to stop it
right now. You will not
maneuver in them anymore. I command you
to stop this,
and I call peace to the spouse, or
whoever, in the name of Jesus. I call
peace over them, and that's how I pray. I
don't bind them. You can't bind them
because they have free will, okay? And you
get into some kind of witchcraft
sometimes when you start doing that,
praying over their emotions. It's like
when I'm trying to
sell something in my business or
whatever. I don't pray over that person,
'Father, I thank you that you cause them
to buy my product.'Okay? I say
this: 'Father, I thank you that my product
stands out. Father, I thank you that my
product is desirable, that people want
what I'm selling. I thank you, Father, that
I am blessed in the city and the field,
coming in and going out, according to
Deuteronomy 28. And Father, I thank you
that when people see my
stuff and what I'm selling today,
they want what I have because it stands out.'But
I don't pray over their
emotions manipulating them. You
don't manipulate people in the
spirit realm. It's part of
witchcraft, okay? You don't do that. You
just pray over your stuff. You pray,
'Father, my stuff is going to stand out.
Thank you, Lord.'And Father, when it comes
to your unsaved loved ones,
if they're out drinking or partying or
being promiscuous or whatever:
'Father, I thank you for Johnny, or whoever. I
thank you, Father, that he is saved.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that you send
laborers across his
path, whether they're at Walmart or wherever.
Let somebody come across his
path and witness to him today.
Now, Father, I thank you. I bind the spirit
of addiction off of his life.
I take authority over alcoholism. I take
authority over drug addiction.'He may be
strung out on meth or
prescription pills. 'I bind the spirit of
addiction off of his life right now in
the name of Jesus. I call that spirit to
cease and desist in its maneuvering in
his life. I command it to bow its knee.
You have no authority to torment him
anymore. You're a foul devil, and I
command you to release him right now in
the name of Jesus. If they're wayward now,
angels, I send you out. Go and bring
Johnny, or whoever, home to me. Bring them
home. Father, I thank you, Holy Spirit,
you're working on their hearts right now.
I call them to have a heart that's
pliable. Oh God, I minister to them right now.'There
it goes, it started hitting me
in the intercession.
Hallelujah.
'Okay,
I pray over their heart right now in the
name of Jesus.
Call him in,
bring them in. Lord,
I thank you. Lord, we're not giving up on
them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
sending them angels right now. Minister
to my children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that if they're
in the bar right now, I thank you, Lord,
that there is a conviction over their
heart to get out of that bar right now in
the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you're going to save their soul. Lord, I
thank you, Lord, you bring forth the
harvest right now over my son. Father, that
you would visit him in the
midnight hour in a dream.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you would
send an angel to minister to him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, it may be an
angel that they don't even know, an angel
unaware. It could be a hitchhiker, I don't
know whoever, that finally walks up to him
and says boom, and the power of God moves
on him in a supernatural way.'We don't
know, but I know this: that God is able to
do exceedingly abundantly above all that
we dare ask or think, according to the
power that works in you.
Okay,
He's already done it all, folks. He's
already done it all. He's already done
everything He can do for your healing.
You've got to stay in agreement with
what He's already done in His Word.
First Peter 2:24, 'By His stripes we are healed.'He
was wounded for our
transgressions, He was bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our peace
was upon Him, and with His stripes we are
healed, period. And we stand on that. We
get in the Word, and we quote the Word
out of our mouth: 'Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you provide all my needs according
to your riches in glory in
Christ Jesus. I thank you, Lord, that I'm
a tither, I'm a giver, I'm a sower, I'm a
believer. And Father, you said you would
take care of me. You said you would never
see the righteous forsaken, nor his seed
begging bread. And Father, if you take
care of the birds of the air and
the lilies, how much more am I to
you? How much more, God? And Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you're going to take care
of my family, my children, my wife. You're
going to provide for us today. I thank
you, Lord, that you give me a creative
idea to get wealth. I seek you, Father. I
seek your provision for my house.
I seek you, God, because you said you take
care of us. Father, I'm a giver. I thank
you, Lord, that you're going to provide
for us. I thank you, Lord, that the seeds
that I've sown are going to bring forth
some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.'I've always
asked that:
why some thirty, some sixty, and some a hundred?
How do I get a hundredfold every time, Lord,
whenever I sacrificially give? And the Lord
said, 'It's the ground you're sowing in,
son.
Some ground is miracle-working ground,
and some ground is not as rich as others.
So you've got to be a good student of
where I tell you to give your money.'And
I ask Him, I said, 'Lord, show me
where the hundredfold ground is. Show me
where the 60-fold ground is. Not that I'm not
grateful for the thirtyfold, but Lord, I know
that you're exceedingly abundantly above
all that I dare ask or think. And so,
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you teach
me how to sow into the good ground.'And I
found a lot of times,
blessing Israel ministries, ministries trying
to get the Jewish people saved,
ministries trying to get the little
orphans saved—protecting the orphans, the widows'ministries, things
like that—they're
real good soil. Because that's
what Jesus commissioned us to do: to take care
of the orphan and the widow. Jesus
told us that those who bless
Israel, I will bless, and those that curse
Israel, I will curse. So I'm going to be
on the side of the blessing. I want to be
on the side that says, 'Lord, I bless Israel.'Even
if I don't always agree with
what they do and how they live
their life, because there is
a lot of sin with a lot of
Jewish people. But Father, I'm going to
honor them. I honor them, and I pray for them.
We don't
talk bad about them. We just pray, 'Thank
you, Lord, that you protect Netanyahu,
and you protect the parliament and the
people that are over that area. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're
going to have a saving knowledge of Jesus.'I
just pray over that kind of
stuff. That's the way you should be. Speak
blessing, speak increase.
Your mountain needs to hear your voice
in your life. If you're not
calling those things that be not as
though they were, you need to be speaking
to your circumstances.
You have what you say. Your tongue is
powerful. If you're speaking cursing out
of your mouth, and speaking doubt and unbelief—'Oh
well, I'm sick today again.
I've got a bad day. Oh yeah, well, my boss
is treating me like trash again.
Oh, my kids are acting up again, boy, he is a
real devil'—you're going to get what you
say. You are
decreeing those things out of
your mouth.
Manifestation is going to start
happening, because life and death are in
the power of the tongue. Remember that.
You want to know if you're in
the faith for what you're
believing for?
Joy and peace are going to be following
you.
You need to be walking in joy and peace.
If you're in worry, doubt, and unbelief,
you're not
in faith. If
you're in a spirit of worry and
you're in fear, fear is not faith. Faith cometh
by hearing, and hearing by the Word of
God. You've got to get in the Word, and
you've got to get the Word concerning
your circumstances. You've got to find
scripture concerning your healing,
concerning what you're believing for,
because faith cometh by hearing, and hearing
by the Word. You've got to get
that faith inside of you. Perfect
love casteth out all fear, and fear has
torment, okay? So you've got to get these
words in there. He that feareth is not
made perfect in love, and you've got to
know that. I believe it's in
First John somewhere. When I'm
quoting these scriptures to you, you can
use your Bible app and
type them in there to help you. I'm
sorry, it's hard for me to memorize
the street addresses; I just memorize
the words.
Getting faith down inside of you: Mark 11:23
and verse 24. Quote that, and know
if you pray and you don't doubt, you're
going to get your harvest.
Whatsoever things you
desire when you pray, believe that you
receive them, and you shall have them. And
if you say unto the mountain, 'Be thou
removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt
in your heart, you shall
have whatsoever things you say.'I
believe I got it that time. So this is
the foundation of what I'm
trying to say.
When you're praying,
and you're binding things, whatsoever
things you bind on earth are
bound in heaven, and whatsoever
things you loose on earth are loosed
in heaven. You've got to bind these
devils up. You've got to break off the
strongholds in your life, okay?
Whenever you say, 'Okay,
well, this is another for instance.
Grandpa had
cancer,
his dad had cancer, and his dad's
dad had cancer.'That's
generational. You've got generational
diabetes. You've got generational eating
disorders. You've got generational
strongholds of sexual perversion. 'Well,
you know, Grandpa cheated on his wife,
and his dad cheated on his wife, and
Daddy cheated on his wife, and it just
keeps going on down the line. I pray I
don't cheat on mine.'It's a generational
curse, and you've got to come against
that and say, 'That stops with me. That
stops with my generation. That's not
going on to my kids. I'm not going to live
in that.'So you've got to stand against what's
called a spiritual stronghold. You've got to
break strongholds off of your life
by prayer and fasting, for one, and you
need to get in the Word concerning this
and start attacking it. I
attack what I overcome. I attack eating
disorders, eating for comfort, eating
for pleasure. Because you find
that, 'Well, I like to go out and eat
a
steak at Outback.'I love to go to
Outback. I love to go eat the steaks. I
love to go get potatoes, and I like to
get the salads, and I like to celebrate. I
celebrate food, and it's
the way I was raised. So
it's generational. My mom's
overweight, my grandmother was overweight when
she died, and everybody
has a generational thing of eating
because it was just the way we were
raised. Now I'm breaking that. I keep
coming against it. 'I will not have an
eating disorder of obesity anymore in my
life. I take authority over obesity in Jesus'name.
I am free from the
spirit of eating disorders. I take
authority over this now. Father, I thank
you, Lord,
your Word says that you've given me a
spirit of self-control. And I come
against the spirit of eating
disorders. I thank you, Lord, that I
operate in the fruit of the Spirit, of
self-control today.'I say that over
myself all the time. I have an unbelievable
God, and today I've done
pretty good, but I keep standing. I keep
standing, and I keep telling my kids,
'You're not going to have this. I'm
breaking the cycle. I'm breaking this
cycle off of your life. We're not going to
live this way anymore. Food is to keep us
alive; it's not something I have
to have to celebrate all the time.
Food is a source of energy.'That's
what I tell myself. I have to
renew my mind. It's something I'm telling
you all that I struggle with, okay? It's
just being real with you. I'm free from
eating disorders in Jesus'name. I'm free from—you
know, I used to drink too
much alcohol. I'm not going to drink
alcohol ever again. I've said that, and I
broke that cycle.
It took a while, but now it broke off of
my life, and I don't touch alcohol
anymore. For years, when
I was first in my twenties, it was
something that was a vice for me: getting
a beer, drinking a beer, having
too much of a margarita, going out
and having a margarita at a Mexican restaurant.
I said, 'No, I'm not going to live that
way anymore. I want to be a light.'Drinking
alcohol is not a light. I don't
want to be that. If I'm sitting there and
have booze all on my breath, and
somebody walks up to me and says, 'I've seen you
at church, can you pray for me?''Oh yeah, brother,'and you have
alcohol on your
breath and you go lay hands on them, it's
not a good witness. So don't do
it. I want to be a vessel
that can be used by Jesus, and I don't
want any vices. I don't want any vices.
Some people think it's okay to drink
socially, but some people don't. I'm one
that says it's not a good thing to do.
It's just me. I want to
walk in the glory, and
I don't want anything from the
world. If the world says it's okay, I
don't want a part of it. If they say it's
okay to watch R-rated movies and do all
that, it's not okay for me. What they say
is okay is not okay. That's not
our standard. Our standard is the Word of
God. We get in the Word of God, and we
see what the Word of God says, and the
Bible says not to be drunk with excess.
So we need to walk in the light and
be a light in this world.
If you have an addiction to
cigarettes,
we're not going to
condemn you for smoking cigarettes, but
I'm going to tell you this: we're going
to pray that you're set free from
cigarettes. There was this young boy
when I was at the church working there.
He had a really bad problem with
smoking cigarettes, and he would be
outside smoking at church. I told him,
I said, 'You want to get free from that?'He
goes, 'Man, I want to get free so bad, but
I'm so addicted to cigarettes. I smoke
four packs a day or more. It costs
me so
much money, it costs me a lot out of my paycheck.'So
I told
him, 'Well, let's just pray right
now.'He
said, 'Okay.'So he dropped his cigarette
down in the street, raised his hands, and
I laid hands on his stomach and
said, 'In the name of Jesus, Father, I thank
you, Lord, that this is repulsive to him.
I say in the name of Jesus that he
will not want this or desire it anymore.
We bind the spirit of addiction. We
command it to go from his body. We speak
to the nicotine to dry out in his body
right now. We command it to go from his
body. We thank you, Lord, that we break all spirits
of cravings for nicotine, and we
call him delivered from this in the name
of Jesus. And Father, I thank you that the
next time he tries to put a cigarette up
to his mouth, it would make him nauseous
and want to throw
up.'Well,
church was over, he went home, and he came back to me
on Wednesday night service—this was
Sunday night church. He came back to me
on Wednesday night service and said,
'Man, I got home and I broke out in a
massive sweat when I went to go light up
that cigarette. I got so sick
whenever I tried to put that cigarette up
and smoke it.
I couldn't even do it. I started to
throw up.'He said, 'Your prayer worked.
I have been delivered from
cigarettes ever since you prayed.'So
that's just a ministry
for me. I pray for people who have an
addiction to cigarettes, and Jesus has
set you free from it. You don't have to
be bound by cigarettes anymore. But you
don't want the devil to tell you, 'Well,
you're a no-good so-and-so because you
smoke cigarettes. You're a no-good so-and-so
because you smoke dope or
crack or whatever.'Tell
the devil to shut up. We don't run
from God when we sin; we run to Him.
If we are messing up, we don't say, 'Well, we've got to
hide ourselves like Adam and
Eve did.'No, we run to Him. He is merciful.
We can run to Him. He is our Father, and
He is our deliverer. Find
scripture pertaining to what you need in
your life concerning your addiction. There are
a lot of good Bible apps that
will help you with addictions. Find those
scriptures, and every time you go up
to light that crack pipe or
smoke
something bad,
quote those scriptures out of your mouth
and say, 'I am delivered from this in Jesus'name.
I am delivered from nicotine.
I am delivered from marijuana. I am
delivered from crack or snorting
coke or whatever you may have a vice on—heroin,
meth, whatever.'Jesus wants
you free from that. You don't have to be
bound by it. If you have a problem with
pornography, tell your spouse, of course,
and tell them, 'I need to be free.'Every
time you have that temptation to try to
look at something dirty, pray, 'God, I command
the spirit of lust to be bound off my
life. I bind the maneuvering of that
spirit in the name of Jesus. I command
you to release me now. I am not going to
look at trash on the internet or go
to strip clubs.'Father, I thank you that
you're free from
that. You don't have to be bound by
devils. You don't have to walk in
bondage.
Jesus wants to set you free.
There was one lady in the comment
section just tonight that said, 'Will
you teach me how to anoint my house with
oil?
My son has a very bad addiction to
listening to heavy metal.'That
is a demonic spirit. There is a lot
of demonic, satanic influence behind
heavy metal—well, basically any secular
music. Satan is very good at
producing music; that's what he did.
So
start anointing your son's room. I
take the olive oil,
dip my finger in it, and
apply it, just like
the children of Israel applied the blood
to the doorposts so that the death angel
could not come in and destroy them. You
apply the blood on your door and say,
'In the name of Jesus, I put the bloodline
over my house, on my door, and over my
son's bed, and I thank you, Lord, that
you're bringing deliverance to him.'And
you might have to put your foot down and
say, 'Listen,
I don't want you to listen to that stuff
loud in my house. If you're going to
listen to that trash, put it in a headset
and put it on your ears, but you're not
going to play it in my house and change
the atmosphere of my home.
I love you, Johnny, or whatever your name
is, but you're not going to change the
atmosphere in my home.'If they're old
enough, you might just need to tell them
to move out. Say, 'I'm sorry, but we're
going to have a house that worships the
Lord in here, and you're not bringing
your demons into my home.'It
might come to the point where you say,
'You know what? I love you, but it's time
for you to hit the road, buddy.
Find yourself a place if that's the way
you're going to live.'As for me and my
house, we're going to serve the Lord, and
we're not going to have that in my house.
We're coming to a time, I'm telling you,
you better have your line drawn on what
you stand for, because if you don't, the
devil's going to run you over. The media
is trying to push their agenda on us with
all the trash we get from CNN, or
even Fox, MSNBC—they're
trying to push their agenda on
us, from Facebook all the way down. Like I
told you, these are bad, evil places, and
they try to
influence your thinking, saying it's okay,
a little bit at a time. Thank
you so much for joining me for this
long. If you're still watching, God bless
you guys. I pray you're hungry.
I could talk all day long, y'all. I've
got so much going on inside of
me to help you. Ask more
questions below in the comment
section here. What's on
your heart? What do you need help with? I
will find scriptures and tell you how
I pray
to get people free. So Father, I thank
you right now in the name of Jesus. I'm
going to do a blanket prayer for all the
people that have asked for help, all the
prayer needs, all the healings, and
the people dying of a
disease, or whose loved
ones are far away from the Lord.
Father, we thank you, Lord. You showed me
in a vision today, Lord, little birds.
I said, 'Father, they're like little
birds chirping in a mama's nest, and
they're asking for help, help, help, cheep, cheep, cheep.'I
saw them in the Spirit,
Lord, and I said, 'God, there are so many mouths
to feed. I can't do it all, I don't
know what you want me to do.'And you said
to me,
'It's my job, Brandon. The Holy Spirit will
take care of this.'And I saw that big
bird dump a whole bunch of worms on those
little babies. Today I pray that for
you. The Holy Spirit is going to meet
every need you have, right where you're
at. Jesus has got this for you. I call
healing over your bodies. I call
deliverance over you in Jesus'name. I
call restoration over your marriages. You
may be having marriage problems; I call
restoration over your marriages in Jesus'name.
I call blessing over your
home in Jesus'name financially. I pray
that the Lord will
bless you and keep you, may His face
shine upon you and be gracious to you,
and give you peace. I call those
blessings over your home in Jesus'name.
We praise the Lord for everything
He's already done and what He continues
to do in your life in the name of Jesus.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you, and I love
you, and I'm so thankful that you're part
of my family here. God bless you all.
Bye-bye.